# Group Project

This is the template repository for the Year 2 Group Project.

## Files Included

A number of files have been included in the repository to help you get started with the project.

### Git

There are two files included in the repository which specify how Git should manage the repository. These are:

- `.gitattributes`: This file specifies how Git should handle certain files. For example, you can specify that certain files should be treated as binary files and that Git should not attempt to merge them. You can find more information on the `.gitattributes` file [here](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitattributes). You probably won't need to modify this file.

- `.gitignore`: This file specifies which files and directories should be ignored by Git. For example, you might want to ignore files that contain sensitive information such as passwords or API keys. Other files which you might want to exclude are those which are specific to your machine, such as those generated by IDEs (e.g. PyCharm). More information about this file can be found [here](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) and a useful tool to generate `.gitignore` files can be found [here](https://www.toptal.com/developers/gitignore/). A `.gitignore` file has already been generated for the project which excludes relevant files for Python, Jupyter Notebooks, Visual Studio Code, and PyCharm. You may find that you need to add additional files to this file as you progress with the project.

### Markdown

Including the `README.md`, there are three [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/) files at the top level of the repository that are used to help guide overall management of the project. These include:

- [README.md](/README.md): The purpose of a `README.md` file is to provide an introduction and overview of a project. It typically includes information about the project's purpose, features, installation instructions, usage guidelines, and other relevant details. It serves as a starting point for users and contributors to understand the project and get started with it. For the context of the group project, you can include information such as the project's title, a brief description of the project, a list of the group members, and a link to the project's documentation (e.g. in a `/docs` subdirectory).

- [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md): This file should contain information on how to get started with the project. The purpose of the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file is to provide guidelines and instructions for individuals who want to contribute to the project. It outlines the expectations, coding conventions, and procedures that contributors should follow when submitting their contributions to the repository. For example, if you're using Python, then you might want to specify that all code should be formatted using [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).

- [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md): The purpose of this file is to establish a set of guidelines and expectations for the behaviour of contributors. It provides a framework for resolving conflicts and maintaining a positive and inclusive environment. For the context of the group project, you can include information such as how issues will be tracked and resolved, how pull requests will be managed, and how the group will communicate. For example, you might want to decide that all members of the team should communicate using Microsoft Teams and that all issues should be tracked using GitHub issues.
